# Prediction-model-using-Scikit-Learn

Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) on the data (Customers, Average Monthly Spend, Bike Buyer) and gain some insights into Adventure Works customer characteristics and purchasing behavior. Perform data cleaning by handling missing values, duplicates or outliers if needed. Further manipulate data via aggregating values into categories, such as ages to age groups. Transform categorical data into one hot encoding format and scale numerical data via normalization or standardization. Take note of data in balance and how they are handled when creating models. Take feature selection into consideration and split the data for training and testing.

 Build logistic regression model to predict customer will buy bike or not, with data in balance handled via weights. Train and test logistic regression model with AUC of 85%, and reasonable precision, recall and F1 scores. Sweep through a range of threshold values to check on accuracy, precision, recall and F1 scores. Finally perform a prediction on the test set given to determine if customers are bike buyers or not and write out result to csv/excel file to be graded.
 
 Build linear regression model to predict average monthly spend. Train and test linear regression model to achieve reasonable metrics in RMSE (Root Mean Square Error), MSE (Mean Square Error), MAE (Mean Absolute Error) and R2 scores. Perform plots of histogram of residuals, QQ plot and residual plot over predicted values. Finally perform a prediction on the test set given to determine customers' average monthly spend and write out result to csv/excel file to be graded.
